I study scheduling and resource allocation algorithms for stochastic models of computing systems. I study how to optimally schedule jobs to minimize delay, primarily in multiserver systems. Prior to my work, almost nothing was known about optimal scheduling for multiserver systems.

In 2018, we published "SRPT for Multiserver Systems", winner of the Best Student Paper Award at IFIP Performance 2018. We proved that a specific policy, the Shortest-Remaining-Processing-Time algorithm, achieves optimal mean delay (mean response time) in the size-aware multiserver stochastic setting, in the limit as load approaches capacity. This was the first result of its kind, using a novel combination of stochastic and worst-case techniques.

In 2019, we published "Load Balancing Guardrails: Keeping Your Heavy Traffic on the Road to Low Response Times", winner of the Best Student Paper Award at ACM SIGMETRICS/IFIP Performance 2019. We developed a novel policy for the size-aware dispatching setting, and proved that our policy achieves optimal mean delay in the limit as load approaches capacity.

In 2021, we turned to the size-unaware or size-partially aware setting, and published "The Gittins Policy is Nearly Optimal in the M/G/k under Extremely General Conditions". We proved that a specific policy, the Gittins index policy, achieves optimal mean delay in the limit as load approaches capacity,
in this more general setting, where the scheduler has only partial information about the jobs. We developed a completely novel framework of analysis for this previously-known policy.

In 2021, we turned from mean delay to the tail of delay, publishing "Nudge: Stochastically Improving upon FCFS", winner of the Best Paper Award at ACM SIGMETRICS 2021. We developed Nudge, a scheduling policy for the M/G/1 which stochastically dominates first-come-first serve, outperforming FCFS simultaneously relative to all percentiles of delay. Prior to this work, FCFS was conjectured to have optimal asymptotic delay tail.

